my
with an ops+ message I gonna be doing 24
hours again so seen a lot of fish shine
and I'm confident / but yeah Alan said
there's been loads of fish not showing
all right dorsal is coming out the wall
on and they go back down because of what
was quite clear we can see cuz there's a
little hill I'll stop here just looking
down the King garnets and clear spots
I've got my rigs on and you can just see
the fish patrolling down the back breeds
and it we're really confident for a bite
so uh what weeks user i'm using hinged
iffrig and as a straight jolly the
bottle and exhale think pop-ups yeah
it's quite chilly chilly here in it we
do but in front of me I've got a really
big clear spot about I that big soft
just got bottom bait is standard bottom
a excel 60 Miller with a bit of maize
topped off at one of these Dunham up
things but later on to march put a bit
of plastic going on make sure it stays
on but are really hopeful for a bite and
weather conditions are perfect so why
this is my rig or for my right arm word
grounded packed i found gone eps elves I
boilie 60ml of a little bit fake corn
accepted that maze that yeah well it'll
stick the hook i'm using is afoot I so
sleepy a bit of silicone on your hook
got a quarter soft and trapped in 20
pound up to lib of the silicon sleeve to
go over a quick little a clip or
thinking anglers liqueur one-ounce LED
and i'll put up videos just managed to
learn this one I've suck him up and
shower in the morning look it is tell
that is massive no wonder it fought so
hard in a very nice fish
all right guys I've just stood this one
really whipping take woke me up got out
baby stock it it's gone through loads of
weed beds it's going to emily's right so
just got it in at the moment I feel
again you still got aren't fish to show
you is that's good cos which you know
what I result this is I've had about a
mid double coming haven't made it yet
and and really nice scaling mirror from
last night yeah herbal shader eggs late
L will show the baby koi on and we both
really happy of this but a lot of XL bay
and we're bloodlust yeah but about kilo
weekend Janna their load what we're
talking about talking to you about the
sports the rakes and what we call it on
later see a water is on for us to
Scott really hot yeah really I've got my
shorts on yeah it's got quite busy and
no one else is caught anything so I
think it's all down to our spot and most
importantly the bait we've been using
accelerates que se creo um squid and
crab it's probably seen it all folks
you've shown it really nice color to it
really fishy smell proper nice bait a 16
mil you've got loads conference really
loves just putting loads up probably put
about Keela right now you probably put
what three-quarters padulla yeah and the
fish definitely definitely have been
patrolling our spots and shone like when
we were fishing so you can tell that I'm
they're picking up bass each time
because we've spread it there when you
know it takes one really confident yeah
they've been really big rippers of night
yeah it's about 12 free mine goes on now
we're the only ones soon he done the
night over there oh yeah baby blanket
yeah we'll get right guys at the end of
our session now I lost one bitch in 10
minutes go fun a nice it will grab a
bite at the end of my session was supper
down there back in grandpa lot fir fir
tree and the typical man this reel
spinning last mistake or something right
next I'll weed bed and I forgot to
tighten up the drag so citing I've got
to learn and like it's just a lesson for
next time I i just got always going to
cheer mom doing so I've enjoyed my
session repo for money should be enjoyed
it I really got a really enjoyable yeah
Tom came down last night we got to visit
us yes good sure says a video clips will
be a be lakes yes I guys